

Child-centered research involves asking children for their opinion of proposed tasks and activities, and using their suggestions to improve instruments, processes, and technologies.

Child-centered research can be realistic, depending on the research questions, the target population, and the methodologies used.

Research with children is conducted to understand their needs and abilities, and to explore their perspectives in an ethical way.

I have been involved in projects that involve children, and I will share my experiences and give examples of best practices.

Adults are responsible for making sure that research done on children is safe and beneficial, and that the children's voices are heard.

The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child (1989) changed how children are seen and treated, recognizing them as human beings with rights instead of objects of care.

Children under 16 can make their own medical decisions if they are able to understand what is involved, but if their decision could cause them harm, it may be overruled.

Children need help to understand the risks and benefits of medical treatments so that they can make decisions that affect them.

Children must be able to understand the risks and benefits of participating in research, and their parents must also agree before they can take part.

Research can be child-centered if it focuses on children's needs and interests, and children are involved in the research and their voices are heard.

The University of Cambridge Primary School is researching how children learn language and rhythm using brain imaging techniques.

EEG is a good option for testing children because it is less expensive and less demanding than other techniques.

It is important to get the trust and understanding of both the child and their parents to help them learn more about research and how it can improve their education.

Studies are designed to bring benefits to children and make the measuring of variables enjoyable, but participation is voluntary and children can stop at any time.

Children can benefit from being involved in research by gaining confidence, motivation, and independence.

Children can tell their experiences and give their opinions from a young age, so they can be involved in research.

The OECD's IELS study asked 5-year-old children questions in different formats to learn more about their personalities and preferences.

Children's thoughts and preferences about activities and career aspirations are related to their social, cognitive, and emotional development.

This study looks at how children's opinions can help measure their learning and educational aspirations, and how this can help increase their sense of wellbeing.

Working with children in research is difficult, but it can be done with the help of experienced professionals.

Adults should help children express their views in any way they want, such as through art, writing, and even games.

Kids should be able to choose how they want to give their opinion and experience.

Learners are involved in the development of new tests to help make sure the test is fair and accurate, and their feedback is taken into consideration.

Researchers use tests and learners' responses to make sure the tests are good and accepted by the learners.

Children were asked to distribute Smarties between a computer and paper based test to measure their preference.

Khabbazbashi et al (2021) asked children to rate statements using smiley faces, then changed the statements into adjectives after getting feedback from teachers.

Boys outperformed girls on the paper and computer delivered tests, and boys had more positive feelings about the tests than girls.

Children aged 7 to 9 were asked to draw pictures about taking a test and then were interviewed about their drawings.

The researchers asked children questions to understand how they solved problems and used drawings to help explain the answers.

Children taking the TOEFL Primary Speaking exam can feel nervous, embarrassed, and stressed.

Drawing can be used to help children express their thoughts, but adults need to talk to them to make sure they understand what the drawings mean.

The British Council and Metametrics developed a new test to measure English proficiency for 10-12 year olds in 2020 with the help of 26 children.

The sample was made up of 26 children from 13 different countries, aged 9-12, with an equal number of boys and girls

Researchers recruited children to test a prototype with their parents present, and the interviews were done online with a facilitator, interpreter, and observer.

The researchers explained the research to the children in a way they could understand, offered incentives, and asked for their permission to record the session, following all procedures for child-focused research.

Children were asked to pick which task they liked and disliked the most.

Two people studied data from 11 people and agreed on 96.42% of it.

The second team coded and measured the responses of one student to help identify the fastest, slowest, and average responses.

The researchers studied the children's behavior and thoughts to see if the tests and tasks were working well.

The study had some limitations, such as the small sample size, the facilitator's behavior, technical issues, and students not giving full answers, which made it difficult to interpret the results.

The test design worked well and showed that it could measure students' abilities accurately.

The students enjoyed the tasks in the test and found them interesting, and they liked the story line and characters.

Fifteen children from five countries between the ages of nine and thirteen, both genders, took part in the coglabs study

Researchers observed children taking tests and asked them questions about their thoughts afterwards.

The results of the data analysis helped to make the assessment better by changing some tasks and making the instructions and graphics clearer.

The tryout and coglabs provided useful data from the children which was used to make changes to the test and delivery platform and also for assessment scale development and validation.

Children were able to install the application and help their parents with technical issues.

Around 1300 children in 4 countries took a test and then gave their opinion about it using thumbs up, neutral and thumbs down.

The children discussed the results of a questionnaire about the features of the test they took after doing some warm-up activities.

Most students enjoyed the test, but some had difficulty with the Speaking and Writing tasks and found the test length too long.

BC asked students for their opinion to help make the test better, and they listened to the students and made changes based on their feedback, which helped the students learn important skills.

Kids aged 9-12 were able to give helpful feedback to improve language assessments in the BC's tryouts, coglabs and user testing sessions.

Research can be done with children in a way that focuses on their needs and wants.

Child-centered research involves gathering information from different sources and talking to children, so that children can be better understood and

Children helped to make sure that research and its findings were appropriate for other 10-12 year olds by participating in tryouts, coglabs, user testing, and field tests.